---
layout: post
title:  "Week 9 Reflection"
date:   2020-11-20 10:30:00 +0100
categories: Week 9
---

This week we began our sprint 2 which we came up with the idea of a steam punk game where you are a thief with a time machine that allows you to go back X amount of seconds that needs to break into a warehouse that is guarded by a enemy bot and collect pickups to complete levels allowing you to leave the area and progress to the next level.

In the Workshop this week we only showed the other groups in the class our game as it stands now however we were not ready for this and we did not come with an .exe of our game as none of us saw the email from Matt asking that we have one for the workshop. The purpose of this was to get some testing done and to have some of us do testing for the first time especially with a game. Some of the groups went into the Masters suite on campus to play the games in person however I personally didn't. I do think that testing is a really important part of development although I definitly think that even if we had given a copy of the game in its current state there would have been nothing to show and that would not be useful testing.

In the lecture we learned about the importance of communities and how they can be used to make your games better by keeping the audience in mind and also using these communities to test and get feedback on your game. With this you can then design your game with the people that you want to play it in mind and therefore they are more likely to play the game as their interests and beliefs align with the games.

We learned about constraint programming which is the final part of the assignment. In this we were learning about constraint satisfaction problems which a good example would be the game sudoku. The constraints being the rules of the game, for this we looked at a few ways of solving the issue the first being backtracking which is a recursive way of brute forcing the way through the puzzle which takes a long time. The second being constraint propagation which is when you use a list of possible numbers for a square and when you find one of the numbers you update all the squares before to remove that number then you repute till the program is stuck or finishes. The best way to do this problem was to use a mix of both methods though to aid the other algorithm in the parts that it is weak in. We also looked at wave function collapse which I will be using for the third part of the assignment.

The contents of this blog is the views and opinions of myself (FH251064) and not of the universities.
