---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10 Reflection"
date:   2020-11-27 10:30:00 +0100
categories: Week 10
---

This week is the last week for us to complete our game and currently it is looking like we are pretty much on track. I dont have too many other scripts to write but the levels and art are not done yet so we are going to have some more meetings over the weekend to make sure that we have everything done to a standard that we are happy with by the deadline. I have been able to do all the scripts asked of me so far except the climbing script so I have said that we will use jumping instead of climbing as I think it will give a better user experience.

In the lecture this week we talked about the power of wording and the different ways that you can write things to make the writing more powerful in different ways. We also learned a bit more about the agile lifecycle which I think is very useful to know but I have already been taught it in my undergrad and then we finished the lecture talking about how we are supposed to do these blog posts and the document at the end for which I think that I am writing these in the way that they are intended to be written in.

This week in AI we looked at prolog which is a constraint programming language which you can code in an environment of facts and rules and then query it to find out information. I used prolog in my undergraduate and did not understand it particularly so having it explained again is quite useful for me. In the journal this week it was about procedural content generation which was not a particularly interesting paper and I didn’t manage to read the whole thing before the session however it talked about using rules to generate mazes that use colour rules that say one colour is or isn’t allowed to connect to another and then you can generate mazes from using those rules. The paper can be found <a href=" https://adamsmith.as/papers/tciaig-asp4pcg.pdf">here</a>

The contents of this blog is the views and opinions of myself (FH251064) and not of the universities.
