---
layout: post
title:  "Week 11 Reflection"
date:   2020-12-4 10:30:00 +0100
categories: Week 11
---

At the start of this week we handed our sprint 2 game in. I think that overall we did quite well although we had issues in our group that meant that we had to only have one level. This was not a real issue as every part of the game technically was working it was just the game wasn't as originally planned.

There was no lecture this week and In the workshop we had a guest lecturer from Waving Bear Studios who came and talked to us about their experiences in their company as they are a relatively new startup. We were able to play Stuffed which is their first game as the studio. They are based in Falmouth and are doing quite well it seems. they have invited anyone who wants to go and visit the studio and also mentioned that they are looking to expand their team. I assume by saying that they are looking at us as potential employees that could join the studio although I'm not sure if I would want to work in a start-up. I don't like the potential risk involved but it could be a good opportunity if it presents itself. The game that they were showing was really good. They have put a lot of effort into the aesthetic of the game and the way that the guns feel are really nice. It also appeals to my more gameplay oriented mind where the game feels nice to play. There were a few issues with the game, such as the stairs being slippery but overall it felt really nice to play.

In the peer review session today there were not that many people so the results of which game was the best was not done by that many people and I was also not able to play all the games as I needed a Covid test in order to go home for Christmas but the final result of which game was the best was a game called Rain Boy which I have not been able to play.

This week we just talked about the AI module next term and we learned some of the basics of python as that will be the main language that we are going to be using for that.

The contents of this blog is the views and opinions of myself (FH251064) and not of the universities.
