---
layout: post
title:  "Week 5 Reflection"
date:   2020-10-23 10:30:00 +0100
categories: Week 5
---

This week is the last week of the development of our game. As for the management of the group I don't think that I have done the best job. However we have worked more as a team compared to a leader telling people what to do which I think is a better way of doing it when there is such a small group like this. So we are all changing the Trello and calling meetings when we have things that we want to discuss as opposed to the idea of having everything set on dates and specific people doing those jobs. The game is coming along quite well and I think that we will be in a good spot to deliver the game in a good state however I do regret not developing the game in Unity.  I think it would be much better if it was developed in Unity as I personally would be much less restricted in what I was able to produce as I am not confident in HTML and CSS. Despite this we chos twine to do this as speed was the most important factor as Twine is made to develop these games quicker and easier. As the game was not assessed the visuals of the game are not as important as the speed of the development. Fortunately I now know how to use Twine and I have refreshed my skills in HTML.

In the lecture this week we looked at reflection and SMART which stand for S – Specific M – Measurable A – Achievable R – Relevant T – Time-bound which highlighted how reflection on one's work is a key point of improvement and how with using agile approaches you need to reflect on what work you have done to decide on what you should then do following that and whether an aspect that has been completed is good enough to be finished or whether you need to improve on it. I personally think that reflection is an important thing and I think that it is quite easy for me to reflect on what I have done however find it quite difficult at times to express how it has affected my thought process or how it has changed the product.

This week in AI we needed to come up with the search and planning part of our assignment I have chosen to use Monte Carlow tree search which was the topic of the lecture this week. MCTS is a tree-based algorithm where you start with knowing what possible different nodes that are possible however the algorithm has not explored it to know the reward associated with it. The algorithm will then randomly choose one of the nodes and then simulate the game based on if you only used that path. This will then create a reward that uses a balance between exploration and exploitation to be able to find out how well that path performed. You then run the algorithm recursively however many times that you want to which will explore that many nodes and create scores for them. Once the algorithm has finished it will use the result with the best reward in the actual game for the user. This was an interesting lecture however I think that I may need to do some more research in this to be able to make one of these Ais as I don’t think I understand it well enough.

The contents of this blog is the views and opinions of myself (FH251064) and not of the universities.
