---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8 Reflection"
date:   2020-11-13 10:30:00 +0100
categories: Week 8
---

This week in the lecture we talked about empathy and how empathy is a driving factor in life and can be used in games to make a person care about the characters. The lecture was very philosophical in the questioning of good and evil and where the evil in the world comes from - whether it be an outside force or from within ourselves. It was quite interesting to hear the other views on good and evil and how one could improve oneself or use it in a game to create meaning. However I didnt really understand the use in exploring this area in the lecture as a software dev apart from potentially using empathy in the next sprint that we are doing.

For the workshop we looked at different ways to get a player to empathise with the game in a gunshot game that we played in the lecture. It didn't really provoke much of an empathetic reaction from me as I just felt that to progress you needed to hit the keys and hitting the keys made the gunshots. I actually became more interested in how the game worked as the people playing the game with me seemed to get game over screens at different times and in my investigation I believe it is dependant on a random amount of screens shown. We also looked at a case study. Mine was case study 2 which was the one that said that someone has an idea about taking 2 mixed ability groups and call one better than the other then see which group performs better. I thought that this case study was interesting but I thought was morally wrong as I think that in most cases the people that are told that they are better would perform better. Other people in my discussion brought up the point that potentially they may try harder if they are in the "worse" class but I just think that it would be a unneccesary experiment that would cause way more damage to the education of the pupils than the good it would cause.

This week I also formed my group for sprint 2 which consisted of Me, Ed, Ross and George. Ross will be doing the art, I will be doing the Unity development, George will be doing the AI and Ed will do the level design.

This week in AI was the last week for the search and planning section of the module and in the lecture, we went over STRIPS planning which is just an initial state a goal state and a list of actions that you can do. The actions have constraints in them to stop illegal moves being done. This is the bases of GOAP AI which is Goal Oriented Action Planning. In GOAP each agent has a goal which could be the same goal as another agent however they all have different action sets. This means that you can get multiple agents trying to do the same thing but doing different things to get there. A GOAP system will look at the environment and decide what action to do based on a priority list in the actions. This was quite interesting, but I am not using GOAP in my assignment so is not as relevant to me. In the journal club we looked at a paper about pathfinding although this paper was not the best as it pushed the idea really hard that their new algorithm is better than A* although it only worked a small amount better and only in the best case scenario. They also set up the pathfinding wrong in the start so the other algorithms would not work as well be design. The paper is <a href=" https://ojs.aaai.org//index.php/AIIDE/article/view/5228/5084">here</a> 

The contents of this blog is the views and opinions of myself (FH251064) and not of the universities.
